GM (Government Malfeasance)

2. The government has employed people in secret to assassinate others
48. Government agencies have been secretly involved in the assassination of their own citizens
61. The deaths of certain high-profile public figures have been the result of covert, government-sanctioned operations
20. Certain world leading political figures who died untimely deaths were in fact “taken out” by government operatives
55. Some of the people thought to be responsible for acts of terrorism were actually set up by those responsible
19. For strategic reasons, the government permits certain terrorist activities to occur which could otherwise be prevented
69. Some acts of terrorism, which have resulted in the deaths of many civilians, have been secretly directed by government operatives
57. High-level politicians have had certain people killed in order to prevent embarrassing events from becoming publicly known
38. Government agencies secretly keep certain outspoken celebrities and citizens under constant surveillance
34. The government keeps many important secrets from the public
9. Some individuals thought to be responsible for the assassination of public figures were set up by the group responsible
15. The government lies about their knowledge of terrorist activities
22. There are ongoing, hidden efforts to marginalize, control, or destroy certain groups of people through the use of political policies
1. Certain celebrities and/or public figures actually faked their own deaths in order to escape the spotlight
27. Viruses and/or diseases have been deliberately disseminated to infect certain populations
4. The government has staged important societal events in order to manipulate voters
12. The government fakes evidence relating to significant world events to deceive citizens

ET (Extraterrestrial Cover-up)

30. Evidence of alien contact is being concealed from the public
53. Evidence of alien presence on earth is being covered up
25. Secret organizations communicate with extra terrestrials, but keep this fact from the public
29. Some UFO sightings and rumors are planned or staged in order to distract the public from real alien contact
10. Some existing technologies are the result of reverse engineering alien technology
37. Space missions are deliberately sabotaged so that the public does not learn of existing alien activity in the solar system
58. Movies and TV shows featuring aliens are a way of preparing the population for the news that aliens are real and have visited earth

MG (Malevolent Global Conspiracy)

59. The power held by heads of state is second to that of small unknown groups who really control world politics
11. A small, secret group of people is actually in control of the world economy
70. Certain significant world events have been the result of the activity of a small group who secretly manipulate world politics
42. A small, secret group of people is responsible for making all major world decisions, such as going to war
68. Members of a secret group have infiltrated governments and powerful organizations in order to 1 day bring their group to the point of global control
64. Many well-known celebrities, politicians, and wealthy people are members of a secret society which has control over our lives
14. Large, influential industries are in fact tightly controlled by a small, secret group of people
44. Small groups of people are in possession of secret knowledge which would change our understanding of the world, and are deliberately keeping it hidden
40. Secret organizations have access to large amounts of personal data on every citizen and sell it to the government

PW (Personal wellbeing)

50. The rapid spread of certain viruses and/or diseases is the result of the deliberate, concealed efforts of some organization
36. Experiments involving new drugs are carried out on the general public without their knowledge or consent
18. Cures for certain deadly and common diseases exist, but are being deliberately withheld
7. Certain natural disasters have in fact been the result of secret testing of powerful and advanced technology with unknown capabilities
41. The pharmaceutical industry administers harmful treatments without people's consent in order to keep people sick and boost drug sales
23. Technology with mind-control capacities exists and is currently being used on people without their knowledge
24. A lot of information about diseases and treatments is withheld from the public
8. The government withholds a lot of information about diseases and their treatments from the public
33. Certain chemicals are put in the water supply in order to control the people
46. Experiments involving advanced technologies are carried out on the general public without their knowledge or consent
3. Groups of scientists deliberately attempt to create panic about future risks because it is in their interests to do so
62. Advanced technology is secretly used to placate the people and suppress dissent
39. The government deliberately permits certain terrorist activities to occur to keep the public in a state of fear
54. Progress toward a cure for cancer, AIDS, and other diseases is deliberately being hindered
13.Technology with mind-control capacities is tested on people without their knowledge or consent
51. Some viruses and/or diseases which many people are infected with were created in laboratories as bio-weapons
60. Family planning policies are part of a plot to control and limit certain populations
66. Drugs are deliberately supplied to certain communities in order to marginalize or destroy them

CI (Control of information)

28. New and advanced technology which would harm current industry is being suppressed
52. New and better technology is suppressed by those whose current business would be disrupted by it
65. Groups of scientists ensure that only evidence which supports a pre-determined conclusion is made known to the public
72. Technology is being concealed which is far in advance of what is known to the general public
21. Government funded scientists manipulate evidence in order to support existing government policy
74. The media ensures that only certain information is made known to the public
71. Certain groups of scientists fabricate data in support of a particular scientific theory out of self-interest
17. The government has a large amount of confidential data on every citizen without their knowledge or permission